README.md, before:

# UpdateManager
UpdateManager was created by DeadLine. This library was developed free of charge.

This library can be used to check for application updates. It is designed for WPF and Windows Forms applications.
In order to use it, you require an XML file on a remote or local server that represents the Update class.
# Usage

Create a new UpdateManager object like this:
```C#
StringVariables stringVariables = new StringVariables
{
	CancelButtonText = "Cancel",
	DownloadButtonText = "Download",
	InformationButtonText = "Information",
	NoNewVersionText = "You are running the latest version!",
	TitleText = "Your application title",
	UpdateNowText = "Would you like to update the application now?"
};
UpdateManager.Classes.UpdateManager updateManager = new UpdateManager.Classes.UpdateManager(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetName().Version, "https://yoururl/update.xml", stringVariables);
```

Check for updates like this:
```C#
try
{
  updateManager.CheckForUpdate(showErrors, showNoUpdates);
}
catch (Exception ex)
{
  MessageBox.Show(ex.Message, "Application title", MessageBoxButton.OK, MessageBoxImage.Error);
}
```

# Update XML example
```XML
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<Update xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
  <MajorVersion>1</MajorVersion>
  <MinorVersion>0</MinorVersion>
  <BuildVersion>0</BuildVersion>
  <RevisionVersion>0</RevisionVersion>
  <UpdateUrl>https://example.com/update.exe</UpdateUrl>
  <InfoUrl>https://codedead.com/</InfoUrl>
  <UpdateInfo>A new version is now available. Please click the download button to download version 1.0.0.0</UpdateInfo>
</Update>
```

# License
This library is licensed under the GPLv3.

Commit message:

* Added some info in regards to NuGet package

README.md, after:

# UpdateManager
UpdateManager was created by DeadLine. This library was developed free of charge.

This library can be used to check for application updates. It is designed for WPF and Windows Forms applications.
In order to use it, you require an XML file on a remote or local server that represents the Update class.
# Usage

UpdateManager is available as a [NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/CodeDead.UpdateManager/). You can find it here:  
https://www.nuget.org/packages/CodeDead.UpdateManager/

Create a new UpdateManager object like this:
```C#
StringVariables stringVariables = new StringVariables
{
	CancelButtonText = "Cancel",
	DownloadButtonText = "Download",
	InformationButtonText = "Information",
	NoNewVersionText = "You are running the latest version!",
	TitleText = "Your application title",
	UpdateNowText = "Would you like to update the application now?"
};
UpdateManager.Classes.UpdateManager updateManager = new UpdateManager.Classes.UpdateManager(Assembly.GetExecutingAssembly().GetName().Version, "https://yoururl/update.xml", stringVariables);
```

Check for updates like this:
```C#
try
{
  updateManager.CheckForUpdate(showErrors, showNoUpdates);
}
catch (Exception ex)
{
  MessageBox.Show(ex.Message, "Application title", MessageBoxButton.OK, MessageBoxImage.Error);
}
```

# Update XML example
```XML
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<Update xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance">
  <MajorVersion>1</MajorVersion>
  <MinorVersion>0</MinorVersion>
  <BuildVersion>0</BuildVersion>
  <RevisionVersion>0</RevisionVersion>
  <UpdateUrl>https://example.com/update.exe</UpdateUrl>
  <InfoUrl>https://codedead.com/</InfoUrl>
  <UpdateInfo>A new version is now available. Please click the download button to download version 1.0.0.0</UpdateInfo>
</Update>
```

# License
This library is licensed under the GPLv3.
